I just have to ask about the stars
wars are going to shoot new firms and
you will be involved too
no no no we should at least learn something
you must protective at least some
details all agree means no no
when that's what i do i was ready for
to that answer
it's not fake in my hands
real 1000 dollars one thousand
dollars
see thousands of dollars not my money
andy took the dressing room but this is the real 1000
dollars i will give you this money if
tell us something about the new stellar
wars
but please
agree
agree already we are new
enter
long time ago what does it mean long ago
far away from here I don't even remember
In general, there was far away
galaxy of gifts far-distant
galaxy, but it's been a long time ago
quite right a long time ago in many
meanings
and you can at least some detail you
can not even imagine how much but it
was it was a long time ago and such
feeling that it was all in
distant galaxy far but I heard
they say I 'm going to make a new film
and this is for a thousand dollars
all right, commercial break
I will try to take away his money
ladies and gentlemen do not switch necessary
it was to start hundreds it was necessary to raise
here I am stupid
do you have any idea how little we are and you
what do they pay for visiting such programs
I thought you came here from
them by Harrison of love for me no I am for
love I don't go anywhere when I need
love i stay home
translated and voiced by nicholas